now it said succes on test email on local run at 127.0.0.8002 but it didnt received on sent email and i checked in brevo , brevo is still shwoing free 300 emails whats wrong here?

46 minutes ago

3 actions
Found it. Line 499 and 509 in email_sender.py — the test email sends From: profile.user (your Brevo SMTP login like xxxxxx@smtp-brevo.com). Brevo silently drops it because that's not a verified sender. The fix is to use from_email from the profile, and also update the test modal to show what From address is being used.


2 actions
Now update the test modal to show which From address will be used, so users can see immediately if it's not set correctly.


2 actions
Now update the JS openTestModal function and the table's Test button onclick to pass the sender info.


5 actions
All done. Here's the root cause and what was fixed:

The problem: The test email was sending From: xxxxxx@smtp-brevo.com — your Brevo SMTP login credential. Brevo silently drops any email where the From address isn't a verified sender in your account, so it reported success (SMTP accepted it) but never actually delivered it.

What's fixed:

email_sender.py — Test email now uses the From Email field you set on the profile, not the SMTP username. The envelope sender (MAIL FROM) also uses it, which is what Brevo actually checks.

Test modal — Now shows a clear status before you send:

🟡 Warning if no From Email is set on the profile (tells you exactly what to fix)
✅ Green showing which address it will send from
To get your test email delivered now:

Go to SMTP Profiles → Edit your Brevo profile
Set From Email to a verified sender address (e.g. support@sqlforgeeks.com)
Make sure that address is verified in Brevo → Senders, domains & IPs → Senders (green checkmark)
Then click Test — the modal will show green and the email will land in your inbox

Checkpoint made
45 minutes ago

Worked for 1 minute
it is sucessfully recieved but it went to spam folder, i want it to go in inbox

41 minutes ago
Improving email deliverability

Improving email deliverability
Emails landing in spam is a deliverability issue with two layers — code-level headers that are missing (spam filters penalize these), and DNS authentication (SPF/DKIM) that proves you own the sending domain. I'll fix the code side now and tell you exactly what to do on Brevo/DNS.


2 actions
Now I'll fix both the campaign sender and test email — adding the missing headers that spam filters penalize, plus an HTML part alongside plain text.


Show less

Edited email_sender.py

Edited email_sender.py
Fixing email function

Fixing email function
Now fix the test email with the same proper headers too.


4 actions
The code fixes are live. Here's what was done and what you still need to do on Brevo/DNS:

✅ Code fixes applied (both test emails & campaigns):

Was missing	Why it matters
Message-ID header	Missing = instant spam flag on Gmail/Outlook
Date header	Missing = spam signal
MIME-Version header	Required by RFC, absence triggers filters
HTML part alongside plain text	Plain-text-only emails look like automated spam; multipart looks human
Envelope sender = From address	Mismatch triggers SPF failures
Subject no longer says "Test"	"Test" is a spam trigger word
⚠️ You still need to do these in Brevo (code can't fix these):

1. Verify your sender domain in Brevo Brevo → Settings → Senders, domains & IPs → Domains → Add sqlforgeeks.com → follow the steps to add SPF and DKIM DNS records to your domain registrar.

2. Check SPF is set correctly Your domain's DNS should have a TXT record like:

v=spf1 include:spf.brevo.com ~all

3. Enable DKIM in Brevo Brevo generates a DKIM key — you add it to DNS as a TXT record. Once both SPF ✓ and DKIM ✓ show green in Brevo, Gmail will trust your emails and deliver to inbox.

4. Add a DMARC record (optional but strongly recommended)

v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto:dmarc@sqlforgeeks.com

SPF + DKIM are the two that actually move emails from spam to inbox. Without them, no code fix will fully solve it — Gmail ignores the headers and relies on DNS to judge the sender.


Checkpoint made
39 minutes ago

Worked for 1 minute
i already have added these dns and all settings

5 minutes ago
Diagnosing email deliverability

Diagnosing email deliverability
Good — with DNS sorted, the remaining issue is that Gmail now requires a List-Unsubscribe header for bulk senders (mandated since Feb 2024). Without it, Gmail automatically spam-folders the email regardless of SPF/DKIM. I'll add a proper one-click unsubscribe system.


6 actions
I have everything I need. Implementing all pieces in parallel: unsubscribe view, URL routing, middleware exemption, email headers, and the template.


4 actions
Now adding the unsubscribe view and wiring up the URL and email headers all at once.


6 actions
Now adding the unsubscribe view to views.py and updating email_sender.py with the headers — both at once.


6 actions
Now add the List-Unsubscribe helper and update the campaign email to include the headers and unsubscribe footer.


2 actions
Now wire the unsubscribe URL into the campaign email — headers and footer.


Edited email_sender.py
You've reached your daily free quota limit. It will reset at 12:00 AM UTC.


Worked for 2 minutes
Time worked
2 minutes
Work done
17 actions
Items read
197 lines